2 F Air flow through the gas turbine engine can be controlled, in part, by using variable vanes and such variable vanes have been used to control the incidence of air flow onto rotor blades of subsequent compressor stages under different operating conditions.
2 S However, the inclusion of variable vanes in the low-pressure compressor, as well as the associated linkages and actuators, necessarily adds additional weight to the gas turbine engine as well as increasing cost and complexity of manufacturing the gas turbine engine.
2 R including variable vanes allow a better control of the air flow trough the engine, however it makes it heavier, more expensive and more complex to build. 

4 F Such inks or coating agents should exhibit excellent adhesion to different kinds of plastic films and should also exhibit blocking resistance and adaptability to boiling or retorting treatment.
4 S However, polyurethane resins in which the urethane bond concentration is highly increased do not provide sufficient adaptability for printing or adhesion stability.
4 R Such inks have excellent properties but they don't interact well with polyurethane

5 F As the optical technique develops, solid-state lighting devices have great improvements in light-emitting efficiency, lifetime, and brightness.
5 S However, the light generated by the LED may undergo total internal reflection inside the semiconductor layers and the substrate.
5 R LED's lifetime, bightness and energy consumption have improved, however, light is not efficiently extracted from the LED and can be reflected inside the material, reducing the overall efficiency.

7 F By doing so, each node may participate in the network with anonymity, connection failure, or insufficient reliability.
7 S However, private blockchains may be subject to reliability issues due to their centralized control system and consensus structure.
7 R Allowing nodes to participate in the blockchain with low reliability, low connection or anonymously will boost the systems's operability but it may cause reliability issues because of the centralised control and consensus architecture.

50 F Therefore, the transmitter transmits additional bits for increasing the probability that all of the CBs included in the TB will be successfully decoded.
50 S However, this method has a disadvantage in that the amount of control information transmitted over a feedback channel is increased, and because CBs in which an error occurs, among CBs included in a CBG, are not known, resources are still wasted.
50 R Sending more bits improve decoding but increase channel usage.
50 R Increase success rate leads to more channel usage.

51 F The skid landing gear may provide energy attenuation in various types of landings, including normal landings, hard landings, auto-rotations, and crash landings.
51 S However, sizing the skid members in such a manner may lead to an increase in the overall weight of the skid members and the landing gear.
51 R Skid allow for better landing but also increase weight.
51 R Adding another equipment add functionality but add more weight.

52 F The software industry is adopting multi-tenancy to achieve more economical usage of hardware through higher density and reduced maintenance cost.
52 S However, conventional multi-tenant architecture does not have support for the sharing of the common metadata across tenants while maintaining the segregation of tenant private metadata.
52 R Sharing server improve server usage and reduce cost but do not allow to share common data. 
52 R Sharing ressource improve usage and cost but is less flexible. 

53 F In addition to presenting organic content describing users, a social networking system may also present advertisements to its users, allowing the social networking system to obtain revenue by charging advertisers for presentation of the advertisements.
53 S However, presenting advertisements and organic content together divides a user's attention between the advertisements and the organic content, decreasing the amount of user interaction with the organic content, which may decrease overall user interaction with the social networking system.
53 R Social networking system can present advertisements to its users to make money but it reduces user interaction.
53 R Increasing the number of advertisements reduce user's attention.

54 F These advantages allow BLDC motors to be more efficient than other types of motors, which can result in less energy consumption and lower operational costs of motorized devices.
54 S However, the use of multiple Hall Effect sensors increases the cost and complexity of the motor by requiring additional hardware, which also increases the size and weight of the motor.
54 R Brushless motors reduce energy usage and operating cost but sensors increase complexity, cost, size and weight.
54 R Specific motors can consume less energy and cacn be cheaper but they require more complexity, mass and volume.

55 F In order to perform such training of the deep learning network, training data are needed in which labels are added to individual data by labelers.
55 S Therefore, it takes a long time to generate true labels for entire training images.
55 R In neural network, good training data are required but it takes a long time.
55 R Training labels are very long to generate. 

56 F One approach for increasing the reliability and capacity of existing 12V systems would be to provide an additional battery in the vehicle, either to work as a backup for the main battery, or to operate in parallel with a second battery.
56 S However, an additional 12V battery would add significant and undesirable weight, cost and complexity to the vehicle.
56 R Adding a battery increases the capacity and reliability of the car but the weight and complexity will increase.
57 R Increasing the number of batteries will improve the reliability but also worsen the weight and cost.

57 F In order for polymer electrolyte membrane fuel cells to normally exert a high power of at least several tens of kW under various driving conditions, they stably operate within a wide current density range.
57 S However, these methods may be associated with increased manufacturing costs and unsuitability for mass-production due to additional manufacturing process and complicated process.
57 R Chemical process needs specific conditions to happens but it increase manufacturing costs and it is not suitable for mass-production.

58 F Related art 3D-printing techniques permit manufacturing thicker structures, but require long print times and have limited sizes in their production beds.
58 S However, these related art methods have limited control over cell size and spacing uniformity.
58 R 3D-printing allow for thicker structures but are very slow and not precise. 

59 F Recently, achieving higher performance, weight reduction, and thickness reduction of electronic devices, communication devices, personal computers, smart phones and the like has accelerated, semiconductor packages are also required to be reduced in size.
59 S However, since a prepreg, which is a laminated material among conventional package components, includes a woven glass fabric, it is difficult to reduce the thickness by more than a certain amount.
59 R Thickness and weight of electronic devices decreases quickly, but the package material prevent from further reduction.
59 R Size and weight reduction is constrained by materials and manufacturing techniques.

60 F Since many users desire to use a location-based service immediately, the time latency caused by determination of a precise location of a user , the time required to establish a GPS location may cause user dissatisfaction.
60 S However, in many cases, the current location of the user may be displayed as a completely different location , incorrect, inaccurate of the mobile terminal.
60 R To satisfy the user, a location must be returned quickly, but the actual location may be incorrect.
60 R Returning a response quickly may return false information.

61 F Compared to silicon, III-V compound semiconductor multijunction devices have greater energy conversion efficiencies and generally more radiation resistance, although they tend to be more complex to properly specify and manufacture
61 S However, in reality, changing a material parameter that increases the voltage may result in a decrease in current, and therefore a lower power output.
61 R A new semiconductor theoretically improves power conversion but may reduce output power.
61 R Changing materials to improve one electrical property may affect another electrical property.